Dear friend
Sorry for the delay in replying, I was in the reserves, and Passover Eve and all that jazz...
You must still be in the midst of a holiday! How was Seder night?

Seeing the reports from New York Columbia and so worried.

listen I thought a lot about what you wrote.
First of all, don't apologize for not responding in that discussion. Im sure you have so much of it...
By the way, one of the things that disappointed me so much is that even once in the group (and not privately)
Not a single member of our group asked me, or anyone else from the Israelis, how we were doing.
Six months of a terrible war, when we are in more danger than ever, and no one thought to show that they were holding back from us.
I was really hurt.

For half a year I remained silent there in the face of the anti-Semitism that arose from the first moment. And unfortunately, as we see in Colombia live, this anti-Israelism is a cover for classical anti-Semitism.
That is, it is important for me to clarify, it is possible to be anti-Zionist, anti-Israel, and not be anti-Semitic. But experience proves that when anti-Israelism appears, the security of Jews in the environment drops dramatically.

And here it is important for me to address for a moment what you wrote as a criticism of us Israelis. And since I value you very much, I will take it seriously.

You write - that it is difficult to argue with us, and it is clear that not every Gazan citizen who was injured should have died.
A. I get that it's hard to argue with us. We are fighting for our lives here, literally, and when a whole group is spreading delusional messages then it's hard to have a serious discussion.

B. Here I think that a great challenge is laid before you as the DREW manager for this hour, and it is very important for me to hear your opinion here!

I will ask you this - isn't there a dimension here in which the criticism of Israel is simply to balance the discussion? To create a false representation in which - both sides are wrong?
After all, Israel is fighting against a cruel enemy that the Western world does not know at all.
Let me remind you - we are fighting against a terrorist organization that is embedded in a sympathetic population (!), unable to distinguish between them.
We are fighting against a population that takes an active part in terrorism even if it is not a member of Hamas.
We are fighting against an enemy that does not spare any means and digs tunnels under kindergartens and schools.

And why is this such a big question?
Not only that because all the data show that our war in Gaza has the lowest percentage of non-involved casualties in the history of urban warfare (according to American reports)
And not only because no one ever asked the US if 3 million Japanese really had to die in WWII
But because the Western world is facing another era of wars.
See the military spending of Western countries as they jump.
See the radical Islam that is spreading everywhere.
And these wars are necessary to promote peace.
So the question that DREW should ask is - not only how to make peace, but how to fight, to reach peace.
Do you know a way we can defeat the enemy without killing innocents?
I will be happy to hear.

If DREW want to be relevant, and not just NICE TO HAVE, you have to ask yourself the hard questions, and also deal with unpleasant answers, and not PC.
Because Israel is the West's last line of defense against the wave of terrorism that is yet to hit the streets of the USA.

I'd be glad to hear your opinion!